# Project Development Weekly Progress Report

**Team Name:** Video Game Community Platform - Group 5
**Date:** 03.10.2023

## Progress Summary
* We have reviewed our repository of last semester (CmpE352)
* We're decided on initial teams which are consist of frontend, backend, mobile teams
* We made research about widely used technologies such as programming languages and frameworks
* We spent time on deciding on domain specific elements of our project (mostly "Game" specific)
* We've met with our stakeholder (Alper A.) in order to determine whether our new ideas on domain specific elements are correct or not
## What was planned for the week? How did it go?
| Description | Issue | Assignee | Due | PR | Estimated Duration | Actual Duration |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Review repository and remember what we've done in CmpE 352 | [#367](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/367), [#369](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/369), [#376](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/376), [#381](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/381), [#387](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/387) , [#388](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/388), [#389](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/389), [#391](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/391) , [#396](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/396) ,| Team | 10.10.2023 |  --- |1hr | 2hr
| Meet on the redesigning some of the requirements according to the specifications given at the lab session (domain specific) | [#370](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/370), [#371](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/371) , [#377](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/377) | Team | 10.10.2023 | --- | 2hr | 3hr
| Decide on the members of mobile, back-end and front-end teams | [#372](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/372) , | Team | 10.10.2023 | | 3hr | 1hr
| Fill the lab report | [#373](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/373) , [#382](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/382), [#390](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/390), [#393](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/393), [#394](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/394), [#400](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/400) | Team | 05.10.2023 | --- | 15mins | 30mins
| Research for the domain-specific elements (e.g. Game) | [#375](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/375) | Alperen, Deniz | 10.10.2023 | --- | 2hr | 2hr
| Decide on the list of weekly note takers and moderators of meetings | [#384](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/384) | Halis | 10.10.2023 | --- | 15mins | 15mins
| Decide a meeting time in order to achieve synchronization between group members | [#385](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/385) | Çisel | 10.10.2023 | --- | 15mins | 15mins
| Sharing the feedback given at the lab on the group communication channels | [#374](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/374) | Ali | 07.10.2023 | --- | 30mins | 30mins
| Research sources and tools for mobile application development | [#395](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/395) , [#399](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/399) | Mobile Team | 10.10.2023 | --- |2hr | 2hr
| Research sources and tools for back-end development | [#383](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/383) | Backend Team | 10.10.2023 | --- | 2hr | 1.5hr
| Research sources and tools for front-end development | [#380](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/380), [#392](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/392) | Frontend Team | 10.10.2023 | --- | 2hr | 2hr
| Deciding on a meeting time with Alper Hoca | [#368](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/368) | Can | 05.10.2023 | --- | 15mins | 5mins



## Completed tasks that were not planned for the week
| Description | Issue | Assignee | Due | PR |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Adding meeting notes of weekly evaluation meeting | [#398](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/398) | Ali | 08.10.2023 | --- |

## Planned vs. Actual
We'd decided to agree on teams and necessary changes on our requirements and application specific elements and we're done with every premise we've decided to discuss upon.

## Your plans for the next week
| Description | Issue | Assignee | Due | Estimated Duration |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Decide on which platform to use for our milestones | [#NA]()| Team | 11.10.2023 | 2hr |
| Determine our roadmap for our milestones | [#NA]() | Team | 12.10.2023 | 2hr |
| Update/Redesign our requirements | [#NA]() | Team | 12.10.2023 | 3hrs |
| Update/Redesign our diagrams | [#NA]() | Team | 12.10.2023 | 2hrs |
| Add extra labels that describes which team works on that corresponding issue | [#NA]() | Team | 12.10.2023 | 30mins |
| Create an initial 'Hello World' application for a front-end project | [#NA]() | Front-end Team | 12.10.2023 | 2hrs |
| Decide on the technologies that will be used in front-end development | [#NA]() | Front-end Team | 13.10.2023 | 1hr |
| Decide on a component library for styling the front-end project | [#NA]() | Front-end Team | 13.10.2023 | 2hrs |
| Create a dockerfile for the front-end project and initialize the container | [#NA]() | Front-end Team | 13.10.2023 | 2hrs |
| Decide on the technologies that will be used in back-end development | [#NA]() | Back-end Team | 13.10.2023 | 2hr |
| Create a basis for a back-end project | [#NA]() | Back-end Team | 12.10.2023 | 2hr |
| Create a dockerfile for the back-end project and initialize the container | [#417](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/417) | Back-end Team | 13.10.2023 | 2hrs |
| Create a basis for a mobile project | [#NA]() | Mobile Team | 12.10.2023 | 2hr |
| Deciding the Mobile Technologies | [#411](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/411) | Mobile Team | 11.10.2023  | 2 hr |
| Researching Kotlin | [#405](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/405) [#406](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/406) [#408](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/408) |  Mobile Team | 17.10.2023  | 5 hr | Researching Jetback Compose | [#407](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/407)  [#409](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/409) [#410](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/410)  [#412](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/412) | Mobile Team | 17.10.2023 | 3 hr |
| Researching Retrofit and Ktor-client | [#413](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/413)  | Ege | 17.10.2023 | 2 hr |
| Making Setups for Mobile Development| [#414](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/414) [#415](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/415) [#416](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2023group5/issues/416) | Bilal, Said, Harun | 17.10.2023 | 2 hr |

## Risks
- Not being able to decide on technologies for the front-end in a timely manner.
- Not being able to decide on technologies for back-end and/or deciding wrong technologies for our project
- Not deciding on milestone roadmaps correctly that we are going to use throughout the semester

## Participants
- Ali Başaran
- Alperen Bırçak
- Arda Kabadayı
- Bilal Atım
- Can Uzduran
- Çisel Zümbül
- Deniz Ünal
- Ege Ekşi
- Halis Bal
- Harun Sami Çelik
- Mehmet Said Yolcu
- Zeynep Baydemir
